Shawn Phalen: Hey,
How are you
Danny Couser: Hold on, let me get my headphones in. Sorry.
Danny Couser: I'm just barely getting back to hometown from work, so
Danny Couser: Anyways, I mean I can hear you but
Danny Couser: Anyways,
Danny Couser: Hello.
Danny Couser: Yeah, I got mixed up last night. I don't know why I thought it was Tuesday for some reason.
Shawn Phalen: Do you get
Danny Couser: Okay, there we go.
Shawn Phalen: They send you text messages when your appointments
Danny Couser: Yeah, yeah, that's kind of honestly to be. That's how I knew that it wasn't Tuesday's because I like Lily. I was like waiting for you to answer the meeting. And then I got a message saying just reminder your meeting tomorrow.
Danny Couser: Tomorrow. Oh, wow.
Shawn Phalen: Okay so house. How is everything going. Last time we talked to
Danny Couser: Me, personally.
Danny Couser: No BS. I laid parents just cried and winter is like a baby.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
Danny Couser: My cat is not not easy at all. I mean, she says, I mean if I
Danny Couser: Was to choose to not talk to her like I'm just kind of get some time like you're saying is, like, I mean, it wouldn't matter anyways kind of managed to like
Danny Couser: Just take every small little thing and blow it up into something that it's not and blaming me and I'm the one, and she did nothing but
Danny Couser: It's just, I don't know if it's driving me crazy that
Danny Couser: She doesn't believe me or
Danny Couser: My idea was defective matters. What are the reasons are today tonight. No, no, like, it's just BS and
Danny Couser: And I don't know. It's hard for me to just
Danny Couser: Like continue to go on knowing that, like, you know, I'm just getting kind of like I feel like I'm just being totally dropped like a cold piece of shit man just
Danny Couser: Like you know like nothing. And it's all on just bullshit. That's not even true even, you know, like, just because she's missing Tirpitz all this
Danny Couser: Is just so much BS. Good.
Danny Couser: I'm just so sick. We're talking about it to me like my mom actually like you want to talk about, you know,
Danny Couser: I really don't like it melted everybody's ears off for a lifetime with it.
So are you guys together, you
Danny Couser: Know smoothly. The same thing
Shawn Phalen: Are you saying with your mom still
Danny Couser: Yeah.
Danny Couser: Made it pretty much perfectly clear that like already on time, stay in there.
Danny Couser: So it's like
Danny Couser: And then that stress and anxiety settling in LA, and it's just like, and then it just makes me all kind of fall back onto
Danny Couser: My girlfriend like I know it is a chair place, you know, this and that but it's just like just freaking be normal and doing all this BS and it says, you know, then that that situation wouldn't even be happening in a sense, but that's just kind of becomes a blame game, almost, you know,
Danny Couser: around in circles and getting our first. It's very, very frustrating.
Danny Couser: Diabetes just through the frickin roof like
Shawn Phalen: What, what's, what's your anxiety from
Danny Couser: Just not knowing
Danny Couser: Like, I don't know. I think I just like literally starts thinking about everything like
Danny Couser: I just like literally just get just get me like to where
Danny Couser: You go listen. So, first day looks like.
Danny Couser: You guys don't have an answer for anything. It's like I'm trying to say is don't
Danny Couser: Just
Shawn Phalen: You know, remember that you're going through this and you're not using so you're feeling a lot more than you would
Danny Couser: Normally feel right.
Danny Couser: Think about that.
Danny Couser: You know, this is
Probably
Danny Couser: Like
Shawn Phalen: Really big thing.
Danny Couser: That you've had to face clean and this
Is this is life. I'm not minimizing what you're going through. I'm completely
Shawn Phalen: I understand how challenging somebody like her can be and I know that
Danny Couser: It's a difficult situation.
Shawn Phalen: They were reliant upon her for many things.
To live
And so
Shawn Phalen: Your anxiety is spiking because you're having to sort this all out and figure out what your next step is, and you're doing it clean.
Danny Couser: You have to remember that there is a solution to every
Danny Couser: Still like me to say, cuz like I can leave. I got like two, three hours a day, like a night at most on please like
Danny Couser: Stressing and worrying and wondering
Danny Couser: I mean, I've always been like a warrior like I'm always worried like, like since I could remember like when a mom and dad wants you to voice, and I was like five even you know that I had to counseling and all that, then
Danny Couser: worry, worry about my mom.
Danny Couser: Like
Danny Couser: And honestly, I feel like
Danny Couser: I can almost say it like it was like this pain feeling like times 10 normals just fine. It's just like not being in control, as in like right now. Like, I'm like trying so hard enough to break
Shawn Phalen: It's okay. I mean, honestly, if you break down. It's totally fine.
Shawn Phalen: You know, the thing is is that it's actually really healthy to cry, and you probably haven't cried and so much
Danny Couser: You know,
Danny Couser: And you're crying tears of a lot of a lot of stuff you know
Shawn Phalen: You have to have faith. Okay.
You have to know
Danny Couser: That this will work it out and you will be okay.
Danny Couser: Know, so you just sit there, you know, worrying is you're living in the future if you're worrying and you have anxiety, you're freaking out about should hasn't already
Happened and it hasn't happened.
Danny Couser: What's the biggest
Shawn Phalen: What's the biggest fear that you have right now.
Danny Couser: It might sound silly like I don't even know why like
Danny Couser: Just like you said, it's like I'm like replace my addiction with her. I don't know. Like, I don't want to lose her for whatever reason, like, I don't know, like, it's like, I mean obviously just added nothing but a list of
Danny Couser: Things have just all the negative but I get the same time and don't get me wrong. I mean, obviously a different reason. You know, like, and to say, cuz anyway, it was good. It was like phenomenal. Like, I mean I wouldn't want anything different. In a woman, you know, and
Danny Couser: It's like, and it sucks because I got to drive by her exit like off the freeway every day after work, you know, going to convert you know it's just
Danny Couser: Like just even that alone, you know, I mean, I can shift vegan, and it just gets me wondering like, oh, she's probably to somebody else, it already.
Danny Couser: I
Danny Couser: Just said she looks like she agreed to talk to me the other night, they talk with me the other night or whatever and
Danny Couser: She said she tried call me back. About a week ago and
Danny Couser: I didn't answer cuz I'm also do yourself a favor. Let's just turn your phone off good shower and just lay down, watch TV, leave your phone alone do not touch it. Do not text her, did I answered it.
Danny Couser: Does give yourself a break from it. Like you're constantly like outside or whatever detective courses her always look electrical and
Danny Couser: I mean, I'm not always talking to her, but, you know, so I went ahead and just tried it, because I have no solution to announce anything and
Danny Couser: as I can. So, of course, supposedly, according to
Danny Couser: Nikki. She said she tried calling me because she was going to come and agree to come meet and talk with me, you know, which would have been the first time since all this happened, you know, and it's just like
Danny Couser: Sheep. I read her text that I got later on and she never said one thing about coming up to meet and talk with me. So he was playing mind games with me and
Danny Couser: Anyway, so I was supposed to meet her at Walnut Creek board and we're going to talk. And then also, and then she just decided now. I don't want to, you know, try to remember like
Danny Couser: Like you said, business next to me once upon a time, and blah, blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, Are you serious had me go away out of my way. I don't have a car.
Danny Couser: Anything to get here and and now you're just gonna just like goes to get like wow ok and
Danny Couser: Then, so it's just like I got pissed and looking nicer, like, well, then fine, I'm coming in here and it's like no you're not working, don't kind of
Danny Couser: My private don't kind of my house. I should probably cut. I'm like, I don't give a shit. I really like I was just so just
Danny Couser: Just sick and tired of being dicta around and just and I mean as if like, Who gives a shit what I think the other one at all. You know, and it's just whatever is how she feels like playing with. He played here, it would
Danny Couser: Be off. Yeah, I don't know, it's just I just showed up over there and I didn't show up over there. I'm sorry. I was just dropped off five 6000 down and she
Danny Couser: Should point out of a driveway, and I took a step in towards the street. I was like, waving my hand and she gets
Danny Couser: Kind of dark, which is why I kind of put that happens that industry waving my hands get attention and then she had seen me until last ticket. She screamed, like I like all crazy like a visit this character sheet frickin filed an online police report saying I'm stalking her now.
Danny Couser: And it's like, and then she she said she did that on my own BS like you know like have us know puff like you always bluff in the safe such extreme shirt, which always been a button push your mind because it's
Danny Couser: Like you don't play around saying that kind of shit. Like, you know, and which is why I didn't think you're serious about wanting to break up this time around, either like
Danny Couser: Like yeah you've said and done, this whole charade, how many times, and I'm just, just by everywhere. Two years to be golden, you know, and
Danny Couser: It's just like, now this is like, well, really, isn't she sent me a screenshot of the online police report.
Danny Couser: And I'm thinking, she didn't she just act like she's typing it all out. This isn't it and I guarantee shift click the submit button on the bottom. Oh, no. The next message was a screenshot of hers.
Danny Couser: Confirmation and this tracking number of this file and blah, blah, blah, or edited edited it, I'm like,
Danny Couser: I'm like,
Danny Couser: Really just did that. And she knows I can. I know thousand percent. I'm not
Danny Couser: Been in iOS those I would not talk to her like bottom like I mean she knows that she's like, I don't know what the hell the game. Isn't that like it's like I don't know my kids like I'm still kind of blown away. I can't even believe it. Like, I'm like, well,
Danny Couser: Here's the thing. Okay. So, since she did, you know,
Shawn Phalen: That's something that you need to pay attention to.
Danny Couser: And you need to not contact her because that is, you know, that's pretty serious which she did so.
Danny Couser: Here's my suggestion.
Danny Couser: And my suggestion is that you focus on you.
Danny Couser: And you stop focusing on her and what she's done and what she's not saying in what she's saying, because this is a no win situation.
And you do not do not want or need the hassle that this
Danny Couser: So,
Shawn Phalen: What does that mean to focus on yourself. That means that focus on your sobriety.
Danny Couser: Go to your meetings.
Danny Couser: I mean, it's like not to just, I mean not to like, I don't know, it just like
Danny Couser: I mean, like I said she
Danny Couser: Of course, I would have been wanting to get clean but never just felt the need reason or wants to do so. And like I said, when I came to her like no hesitation. The next day I was in the program, you know, and it's like I just feel
Danny Couser: Like obviously I've got some things to achieve should be playing like a job, talking about again and this and that.
Danny Couser: And I mean, it's like not to sound cold or rude but sick. I feel like it's so exciting. There's no like no point if I came in like shirt enjoy it, but it's just say, I don't know, like I just I kidding. Alex to except
Danny Couser: Say, Well, look, I mean, only you can decide if you want to be clean, like I want to be clean, but I'm just saying, like, it's like a brick wall as far as like, I'm not saying I want to go, you're not at all like I said
Danny Couser: Think about it. Don't know craving still even through all this is just like you know it's cured disappointment like 100% through through
Shawn Phalen: This is one person. This is
Danny Couser: One.
Danny Couser: person in your life. This is not
Shawn Phalen: Somebody that defines you or defines your sobriety.
Danny Couser: You have to focus on
Danny Couser: And you
Shawn Phalen: Have to focus on what you want. This is not a healthy situation that you're in and you need to look at why you're wanting to be in a really
Danny Couser: Destructive unhappy really
Danny Couser: I guess I mean like if he
Danny Couser: Does that he just got my head so twisted up like I don't even know. I don't even know answer have to you have to dig deep and go
Shawn Phalen: Why do. Why do you feel you deserve to be treated like
Shawn Phalen: This is going to take some self reflection.
Shawn Phalen: And it's going to take you get and kind of quiet.
This shit out.
Shawn Phalen: Because this is not a healthy situation. This isn't good for your sobriety. It's not good for your sanity.
Shawn Phalen: Getting clean is about changing your life making positive choices and
Changes.
Shawn Phalen: being around people that lift you up and that are positive and treat you well.
Shawn Phalen: This behavior that
Danny Couser: She feeling is stuff that you've probably dealt with.
In the past,
Shawn Phalen: This is not okay.
Danny Couser: We dealt with in the past.
Shawn Phalen: I mean, does this feels familiar to you. Have you been in relationships where you've just been treated like this.
Danny Couser: Not early. I was with one girl like this, like right after high school. I mean, I'm 32 now and I mean like I was with her for like a year but I mean whatever like
Danny Couser: wasn't really that what they, I don't know, it's just like not even I wouldn't even classify it as like the same thing. I mean, I was young and dumb.
Danny Couser: But I don't know why.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so this brings me back to my point that I made before is that this is something that you're going through clean and sober. This is all new to you some of this stuff that's going to come your way is going to feel very uncomfortable, you're not going to know what to do.
Danny Couser: It's going to feel like
Shawn Phalen: You've never had to deal with this stuff before you have to realize that when you're in early sobriety. You take everything very slow.
Shawn Phalen: It isn't indicated to
Shawn Phalen: It's not, it's not recommended to even be in a relationship and early sobriety.
Danny Couser: For this very reason.
Shawn Phalen: Because you're getting to know yourself clean
And sober.
Shawn Phalen: You have to get to
Shawn Phalen: You have to learn how to live life without using
Shawn Phalen: It's super hard to bring somebody into your life. That's not going to be drama and chaos.
Shawn Phalen: In early sobriety.
Danny Couser: Right.
Shawn Phalen: Because when you're using your life turns to chaos.
Shawn Phalen: It's drama.
Danny Couser: Drama.
Shawn Phalen: This is about you.
Shawn Phalen: Figuring out a life that you want.
This takes time.
Shawn Phalen: The best thing you can do for yourself.
Danny Couser: Is focus on
Danny Couser: Like, I think that like why like why I want like wanting to, like, you know, whatever. Go back to whatever the hell would even be like, like in as a dancer and think like
Danny Couser: Okay, like so. It's a, it's like, you know, we talked and cannibalism bullshit half ass temporary solution to not argue for who knows how long. Like it
Danny Couser: Yeah. Okay. And then what like you know
Danny Couser: This is like, I don't know if this is killed over overall what I'm used to, like, just as far as just as of recently like since I've been clean obviously you've been with her and this is like honestly what with like
Danny Couser: Without her or it's like, I really don't have any friends is cut everybody off bc like to play was that were half ass like just dope fiend acquaintances, at best, you know, a. Other than that, all my real true friend is like I just lost contact with like because obvious reasons. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: That's what I mean. This is like starting all over again.
Danny Couser: It's about meeting.
Shawn Phalen: People that don't use this is new.
Shawn Phalen: A lot of this stuff is going to feel so new to you. How long were you using for
Danny Couser: Almost 10 years right
Shawn Phalen: So that's 10 years
Shawn Phalen: You're not going to get yourself back overnight.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, that's what I mean it's like it's step by step here.
Shawn Phalen: And meeting people that don't use and getting used to being around people that don't use learning how to be happy and have fun in sobriety.
Shawn Phalen: That takes time.
Shawn Phalen: And that's why I say the best thing you can do for yourself is focus on you when you're focusing on her. It's a distraction. It's another way of not having to look at yourself.
Danny Couser: She's such a strong reaction.
Shawn Phalen: So let's think of some things that you can do to focus on
Shawn Phalen: Yourself. Let's talk about that.
Shawn Phalen: Are you are you going into
Shawn Phalen: Any like a na meetings.
Now,
Danny Couser: With you guys
Shawn Phalen: Can you
Shawn Phalen: Would you be open to going to meetings.
Danny Couser: This point
Danny Couser: Yeah. Or there's nothing but good really comes from it. And I don't know, I've never
Danny Couser: To this are working. Like, I literally just go work and then come home shower eat dinner and then do it all over again, you know,
Danny Couser: Where you can again working for the city of Dublin. Oh, yeah. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So,
Shawn Phalen: What about trying to find some meetings that you can go to
Danny Couser: Do
Danny Couser: What do you like to do. What did you like to do before.
Shawn Phalen: You got into drugs.
Danny Couser: Before I mean I
Danny Couser: BASEBALL. BASEBALL. We can play baseball for 17 years and ruining my told everything is my shoulder.
Danny Couser: You know, North
Danny Couser: Whatever.
Danny Couser: Kind of cope with that because I mean after baseball. It's like that girl telling you about it. I was with
Danny Couser: After high school. It's just like, yeah, she's cheating on the back to me and
Danny Couser: That was like, I'm not even two weeks after I thought I had a good shoulder surgery and most likely wouldn't be able to teach anymore. And then after that, then I know you're not gonna play baseball no more. We can give you a scholarship is more either
Danny Couser: So it's like I just, I was just kind of like
Danny Couser: Three main things and family that defined me, you know, and I didn't know who the hell I was what I was like I just was just blowing in the wind like a grocery bag. You know, and
Danny Couser: And so it's, it's, uh, yeah, it's just like us.
Danny Couser: And but everybody really stood out. I always do some baseball like logic chain like some younger kids are like, you know, it's like, I don't really have know any of that at all anymore. I got this. I'm kind of over the whole baseball field.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. All right, well then let's let's start this like just step by step here, then you know
Shawn Phalen: A couple of outside meetings that you can go to
Shawn Phalen: All right. And, you know, like I said, Stay focused on you.
Shawn Phalen: Whether that's working out whether that spending.
Danny Couser: No time doing something that you like to do
You have to think of stuff that will work for you.
Shawn Phalen: Church. I don't know if you're religious or spiritual
Danny Couser: Baptized
Danny Couser: I guess I mean it's like I bought and that's the thing. Like, I honestly like, I don't know if I I almost feel like I should take the kid back gun ADD medication. I was on as a kid.
Danny Couser: I don't know, like, I mean, is that a common thing here because I got it on my mind is like all over the place and I can change finish a complete anything
Danny Couser: I just get so flustered. And I just wanted to stay like, fuck it. And then this is like. And like you said, like it's just, it's what I know, as far as like a distraction is like something and related to her, like, I don't know, like
Danny Couser: What
Shawn Phalen: You can do you have a primary primary care doctor
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, you can ask them. I'm not sure what they're doing in terms of
Shawn Phalen: Prescribing um you know for for that because it's a stimulant.
Shawn Phalen: So you're gonna have to ask. I don't know what's there.
Danny Couser: I don't know.
Danny Couser: Well, just, I mean, just with your experience like a common day where a lot of people don't like the third. I guess I do have add like that those issues like kind of surface again or something, so to speak.
Shawn Phalen: I think you just have, you know, you have anxiety right now.
Danny Couser: Because you're dealing with a lot of stuff in your clean. I think this is very common. When you first get clean
Shawn Phalen: Okay. Good morning. How to just be and live life without using it.
Danny Couser: It takes time. You have to be really patient with yourself. And that's why I say to start focusing on yourself.
Shawn Phalen: And doing things that you like to do because she's making this is creating a lot of things IoT
Danny Couser: Because it's like, I mean like you right now. My heart is is like race like a rabbit. And if I go home, even like getting hot flashes like
Shawn Phalen: I wonder if it's from the Suboxone
Danny Couser: I've never had a problem before, though, like it's just been the last week or two weeks or whatever, however long
Danny Couser: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Tell, who do you tell them about what's going on with you.
Danny Couser: What you know I don't follow this anxiety. I don't know, I've never even thought of Big Daddy been an issue with me, like, ever, but I
Danny Couser: I mean, I don't know. It could have been. I just thought it was something else. We have not given myself too much credit but like i mean i'm not i'm
Danny Couser: Not a weenie when it comes to this dealing with stuff like a lot of people can believe how will I handled the whole you know going through the detoxing part of it. You know, like, and
Danny Couser: Like I just kind of
Danny Couser: Deal with the ship color. It's kind of
Danny Couser: Like
Danny Couser: As my primary care physician to maybe
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, so I want you to ask the doctor tomorrow when you meet with the doctor.
Shawn Phalen: And just let her know what's going on. And then let's set it let's set another appointment. Okay.
Danny Couser: Please, what time, what day
Shawn Phalen: Or your group again.
Danny Couser: 430 on Thursday.
Danny Couser: Okay.
Can you be a march night at six o'clock.
Danny Couser: What day is it
Shawn Phalen: Monday.
Danny Couser: Monday. Yes.
Danny Couser: Okay, we'll do six o'clock. Okay. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so I want you to try at least go to one a one Aaron a meeting this week. Okay.
Danny Couser: Okay, when you can. Okay. Oh, thank you.
Shawn Phalen: All right. Hang in there.
Danny Couser: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Hey, sorry.
bonnie: No worries.
Shawn Phalen: I'm a little late. Sorry about that. How are you
bonnie: Oh, no problem. I'm good. I'm good. Yeah. What's been going on since we last talked. Well, this is my first time with you. So I just, I wanted to give you a little background.
bonnie: So um yeah I'm seeking therapy for two reasons. One is I definitely always have issues to be working on. And number two, I'm actually an associate MF t. So I'm finishing my hours.
bonnie: Okay, so I'm hoping to, you know, personal psychotherapy still counts for me. So that's another part. So, um, and I just wanted to double check your, your, your licensed MFA in California. Okay, great. That's the only prerequisite for me.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so
bonnie: Um, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: It's just counting as therapy for school that you need.
bonnie: Not for school just for my hours for the board, but also for personal reasons to
Shawn Phalen: You, so I need to check with bright heart that that's okay too for me to be doing because I would actually have to sign off on something for you.
To say that
bonnie: Okay.
bonnie: So,
Shawn Phalen: Um, so I I would need to clarify with Bray her
Shawn Phalen: That I can do this because it's where were you going to school.
bonnie: I'm not going to school. I finished school. So I'm at the end of my hour. So actually, there's nothing to sign, but I don't know if that's still affects things for you or not.
bonnie: It's just all personal accounting
bonnie: At this point, since I am way postmasters,
Shawn Phalen: Okay. So, all right. Is this just for an individual therapy for you.
bonnie: Yes. Okay. Yes, has nothing to do with what you need.
Shawn Phalen: To graduate, because you've already graduated
bonnie: Correct.
Shawn Phalen: In this has nothing to do with ours for the BBS right
bonnie: It does have to do with hours for the BBS so under I'm allowed to count hours of personal psychotherapy.
bonnie: toward my overall hours, but it's nothing. I have. It's just my own self reporting on it.
bonnie: I if in some odd case which I wouldn't falsify anything. So I don't see any reason, there would be an issue they. I don't know if the board ever audited in terms of asking for a letter of just
bonnie: I don't know, I've never encountered this so I don't think that's an issue, but there's nothing to sign off on it's all self reported hours of personal psychotherapy that count toward
bonnie: But if you're not comfortable or I totally understand.
bonnie: I can, I can definitely do something else that's fine too. So, I respect that. Let
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so what what brought you to break hurt so
bonnie: Anxiety. I definitely have my own issues that I deal with and also want to personal therapy for my own personal reasons.
bonnie: But definitely, I mean I can, I can kind of give you the background.
bonnie: Yeah, um, I had a I had family members or while my mom and my mother in law, who passed away from cancer within
bonnie: Well, in
bonnie: And back in December. So I've always kind of tended toward sometimes having like you know anxiety about like
bonnie: Illness or body stuff or, you know, just, you know, health issues in general and in December. I had a
bonnie: I had to have a biopsy for a breast exam. It was my first one. And it was really, really difficult and
bonnie: It kind of started back up, anxiety, I kind of thought I had dealt with pretty well, but you know, I feel like overall like I i I've managed anxiety. Well, but it kind of re triggered a kind of a lot of stuff and so
bonnie: You know that's something I definitely wanted to work on.
bonnie: My relationship to with my husband, we have two little ones, and it's been stressful. I think having kids has been really
bonnie: Challenging just in terms of bringing up stuff from my childhood and how my parents related and
bonnie: You know, things I want to do differently. And yet, and also, you know, obviously, I have a lot of information in terms of what I should be doing, or things that the way that it should be working and
bonnie: I'm having kind of a hard time with that too. I really like I have a lot of guilt kind of come up around mothering and just like feeling like I'm not
bonnie: doing a good enough job or like we're not communicating well or like, you know, so I definitely have a lot of stuff that's kind of coming up right now.
bonnie: So that's kind of the landscape of what brought me and at this particular time.
Shawn Phalen: How old are your kids.
bonnie: I have one that's almost four and one that's almost two one is the one will be for in a while they'll both be foreign to and excuse me yeah foreign two in June. Okay. And my oldest son is on the spectrum.
bonnie: And he's currently nonverbal. And so that's kind of an added level of
bonnie: Definite stress. I mean, he's an awesome kid I've since I've kind of learned a lot. In fact, it's probably an area of specialty I'll kind of hopefully do in my work.
bonnie: I've kind of realized that my dad is on the spectrum which I never put together because I didn't know anything about it until my son was diagnosed and then it kind of illuminated a whole lot of issues. I had growing up and like issues with my dad and just kind of
bonnie: It just kind of clarified so many things for me on a personal level.
bonnie: And he's an awesome little guy. He's really has a wonderful personality and you know he's great. There's nothing, there's nothing too challenging about him other than, you know, it's hard not to worry.
bonnie: I find myself worrying a lot about his future in terms of especially
bonnie: Gaining language and it's a I think he also we're finding out he likely also has a proxy, which I don't know if you're familiar with. It's like a motor planning. It's pretty co occurring. I guess in kids with autism.
bonnie: But it just means that it's really hard for him and he's trying really hard in speech therapies and full time ABA therapy and
bonnie: You know it's but it's hard, like we manage it pretty well, but it's definitely a level of stress, especially
bonnie: You know, I think when we first started out, you know, we were hopeful, he would just kind of attain language, you know, spontaneously and it doesn't look like it looks like it's going to be a very long haul.
bonnie: He's getting trained on maybe we're trying to move toward getting him trained on like an electronic device so that he can have software that he can use because it's going to be a gap between
bonnie: Hope I MEAN, HOPEFULLY NOT but they're likely will be a gap between what he can do verbally and what he'll be able to do, you know, communicate
bonnie: So, you know, I think when we started, I think getting closer to kindergarten has made us a little more definitely is amped up the anxiety in terms of
bonnie: You know what that's gonna look like and what kind of classroom. He can be in and just all kinds of things. It's a really
bonnie: It's add some extra challenges so that definitely adds thanks
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, and
bonnie: Also can put stress on the marriage yeah that's that's a definite stressor.
Shawn Phalen: So,
Shawn Phalen: What about, have you looked at schools for him in terms of what services can be provided.
bonnie: Yeah, I mean, you mean like kind of private schools.
Shawn Phalen: You know, I mean, even in the public schools they have
Shawn Phalen: They have services, you know, they
bonnie: Yeah yeah yeah we did. We did start an IEP. I mean, I think our challenges like the schools in our digital first. It's kind of complicated because our whole life. I don't know if you're familiar with the Bay Area at all.
bonnie: But like where I work. And we're like, my son is in a program his full time maybe a program right near my work.
bonnie: But that's like 30 minutes from where we live. And so it's not in our district. So we're trying. I mean, my husband also he had another stressor.
bonnie: He was, he was home with both of our kids. So he wasn't working. And so now he's trying to find work and so that adds to it to less for me. I mean,
bonnie: I don't know. I think it's harder for him. I think it's harder for men in general when they're not working then like I don't. It hasn't been I'm not really stressed about that, per se, but I mean, not that it's easy to be the sole earner but
bonnie: You know, but where where that will be important, is we're trying to hopefully move to a school district that is
bonnie: Both better and also closer to his ABA program. Because my understanding is based on kind of where he is he'll still be going to ABA after school for many years, probably even through high school.
bonnie: So is really important and we want to keep them. Overall, we're happy with the place that he's in. So overall, we would love him to have that consistency.
bonnie: So and but then it gets into transportation, like, so we can't have him in a school in our district, which is so because we'd have to have someone stay home to basically take him from one place to the other.
bonnie: You know school won't provide that because it's not within the same district. So we're trying. I'm going to probably next year. Try to do
bonnie: Transfers I'm going to try to apply for transfers to the other district, and if not, you know, hopefully in the next few years, maybe we'll try to move over there.
bonnie: So I'm really just now trying to gather all the resources, I can admit it's so hard to like I don't even know.
bonnie: Until we really are at the place of applying. I don't really even know what their programs look like what their I have a feeling, he's
bonnie: Probably, they're probably going to recommend special day classes for him. I don't think he'll be in a place. I'm guessing. I don't know. I hope
bonnie: I don't know if I hope I'm wrong. I don't know what's best for him but
bonnie: I have a feeling. Maybe so. And I every district is so different and how they do some half purely artistic classrooms and other ones don't and other ones.
bonnie: There's just so many different ways of doing it. So, and I don't even know which one kind of I feel like makes the most sense. Um, so we yeah I'm still I'm still in the information gathering phase around that.
Shawn Phalen: Where, where are you working
bonnie: I work actually for financial firm.
bonnie: And it's a small firm. I've worked for them for a long time.
bonnie: So everything I've been doing both that's been that's been stressful. So this year is my last year to get
bonnie: You probably you, I know you've probably been licensed a long time. So you probably don't you know know the ins and outs of what's going on right now, but they're changing all the criteria as of December 31 so
bonnie: They're not counting. A lot of things that they used to currently personal psychotherapy couples was double counted up to a certain amount, things like that.
bonnie: They're changing the way that they're the criteria which I started my practice them in 2014
bonnie: So I'm already up against it with the six year rule. And then on top of that, I would lose like three or 400 hours off the top, just because of the changes in in the way that they're counting things and it's been so hard, because I've been I started my graduate program.
bonnie: I graduated, that in 2016 and I've been doing my practical. I mean, my internships, where I can around that I worked at a community center for a while and then right now I'm in private practice or under someone in private practice.
bonnie: But it's been really stressful because I had two kids in between there and I took a year off when I was with my kids or, you know, like, and we're just working so it's been like six years of two jobs to practically full time.
bonnie: So it's been rough, it's definitely I'll be glad when my hours, it looks like. I'll meet them this year, but it'll be close. I mean, I'm up against it and
bonnie: Part of me kind of regrets taking some of that time off when I have my kids, but at the same time I was exhausted. I was still breastfeeding. I was still working like there was only so much I could possibly do so well you can file.
Shawn Phalen: An extension, can't you, I mean, even if, if you can get your hours and time guard. They still, they should be
bonnie: I've never heard of that. I think what will happen though for me is that it would. I would. I don't know. And I think I'm going to email the BBS just so I know everything like
bonnie: Based on the number of clients I have, I should me my hours by December so it shouldn't be a problem. But if for some reason, something comes up, you know, and for some reason.
bonnie: Who knows coronavirus there's something happens, you know, could it flip. You know, I think what I don't know is could I be grandfathered in like in terms of can I still go by these the old requirements.
bonnie: It can I get an extension on that or I mean I can definitely still get my hours next year, but I'll fall under the new requirements as my understanding, like I won't be able to count some of the hours. I've been able to count up to this point so
bonnie: I'm hopeful. I will get to that place. I'm seeing like, you know, but it's always tough to because like one frustration. I'm having now it's just like this time it's been like this for years now. Just having this like time
bonnie: Pressure the time clock in the back of my head and
bonnie: Like right now I have 12 clients a week I see 12 clients a week but you know people cancel every week it's not consistent. So I'm really averaging like 10. You know what I mean, which
bonnie: Is fine, but now I'm realizing, like, yeah, I have to definitely keep my load higher just to average out to what I am sure that I need. But luckily, so far it's been doable.
Shawn Phalen: And then also, it's kind of a good idea to go over the required hours.
bonnie: I have heard that. And that's what I'm a little nervous about because like one thing I'm thinking is like I calculated. I'll just barely passed or hit the mark. Maybe like beginning of November.
bonnie: But then I was thinking, because I know it takes the board four to six weeks to even like review and count everything up. So if I'm already close to it. I might part of me is like,
bonnie: Well, if I think I can be over by maybe like 80 hours or so. By December mid December, like I should just submitted that I'm not gonna. What am I going to do if they tell me mid December.
bonnie: I have enough hours. I'll have two weeks. It's not gonna, you know, I'm not sure what that would really do for me.
bonnie: So I have heard that that you want over just in case. For some reason you're not counting right or they don't honor some or who knows what.
bonnie: And in that situation. I don't know if they would grant new an extension if you like in good faith thought you had the hours like if they would honor the old requirements. I don't know. So I may just ask them, you know, email them and
Yeah, I mean, they have to work with you. You know, like
Shawn Phalen: You know something's telling me that you're not going to be affected by the new requirements.
bonnie: I would hope so. I don't know. They it's it's it seems like everything I read or heard says if you don't submit your application for your hours by December 31 of this year, you'll have to do it under the new requirements.
bonnie: So i don't know i but i don't know you know i don't know if i don't know how. Yeah, I don't know it behind you know if case by case there's more flexibility than they want to announce or, you know, or I don't know. So who's
Shawn Phalen: Who's signing off on your hours is somebody in the private practice.
Yes.
bonnie: And so are they familiar with any of this stuff because if
Shawn Phalen: They're a clinical supervisor, they should be really on top of all that,
bonnie: Yeah, I mean I think she's I mean she's definitely very familiar with, I don't think she knows about this.
bonnie: Kind of crossover period. I'm you know I you know I don't know how much we've talked about it. I mean, she's definitely very familiar with how hours are counted and everything around that but I'm not sure how familiar, she is with like the
bonnie: Like this change to the new way. Because really, I mean,
bonnie: I guess from her perspective. I mean, the hours are there still counting the same things, the things that they're not counting don't really affect her you know like what they're not counting is personal psychotherapy.
bonnie: And they're just they moved the categories around so everything still counts like notes and supervision and you know client advocacy and I can go go on and on. All those categories still count.
bonnie: But like things like couples aren't double counted to a certain point and I had done a lot of couples work in my old situation.
bonnie: And then so, but a lot of things are counting, they're just kind of shuffling around like the minimums and maximums and certain categories and things like that.
bonnie: So, um, I think she's very knowledgeable on the categories, but I'm just not sure if she's very knowledgeable on like what changes are going to happen at the end of the year. And do you still need 3000 hours. Yes. Oh, I mean,
bonnie: Not, I mean, do you mean, where am I at or total, total right. Yes, correct. Mm hmm. Yes.
bonnie: And I think what they're changing about that. Oh, I guess because they're not counting. Some of these double counting and things like that is they're not changing their changing like the there's a minimum now for like direct face to face.
bonnie: I guess because they're taking out some of the double counting on like couples, maybe I know there's, I think they have the minimum of like your face to face hours with clients, I think.
bonnie: Like, right now it's 1500 but I think I have a feeling that's changed, but I'm not really sure on that. It's still 3000 hours, though, total, you know, that will be the same. Okay.
bonnie: That's been stressful.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, so, so then are you going to start to like, Are you planning on still staying. You said you're working for a finance company.
bonnie: Yeah, yeah. For now, um, I mean a key part of that is my insurance, health insurance because it pays for my son's program.
bonnie: And just financially until my husband has work. We can't really, we can't really do anything.
bonnie: You know, but my goal would be, I mean, I think I will take time like once hopefully the board accepts my hours. I will take some time, because then I still have to study for the exam. So I probably will start seeing clients, just so I have extra time to focus on the exam.
bonnie: And then, you know, I'm thinking. I mean, what I'm thinking of doing is because I do want to work in private practice.
bonnie: So I would maybe consider just trying to slowly build something up maybe on Saturdays and not at least I won't have the pressure to like K too many clients or just more to kind of get my feet wet with, you know, the business aspects of it and just, I know I can take time to get
bonnie: You know, I know it's a process, and I'm not even sure where I would set up the off. You know, I might work in a different area.
bonnie: Closer to, you know, home.
bonnie: So I don't know. I think I may just kind of start from there. And if you know if my husband gets a job than the insurance is a key part of it. I mean, health insurance is a big one.
bonnie: So right now I have really good benefits in that sense. So it really covers a lot for my son, especially because I can't even imagine how much ABA would cost without insurance.
Shawn Phalen: Are you in the city.
bonnie: No, I live in Hercules. It's a very small town like north of Berkeley by, like, I don't know 15 miles. I'm not good with Miles 10 Miles maybe
bonnie: And then I work in Lafayette is the name of the town. It's near Walnut Creek Walnut Creek is where his a VA program is and
bonnie: Okay, so that's where we're trying to kind of move out toward that area, but it's definitely more expensive, so I can't, you know, I couldn't do it, just on my salary, so that's why there's kind of a lot of moving pieces that
bonnie: Have to do with my husband getting employment for us to be able to make some changes. So yeah, it's tough. There's a lot of moving parts.
Shawn Phalen: Is he okay. Is your husband looking for work now.
bonnie: Yes. Okay.
Okay, so
Let me just, let me just double check.
Shawn Phalen: But right hurt.
bonnie: Yeah, sure.
bonnie: Go ahead. Oh yeah cuz what I was gonna say is, because I've seen on the application where I have to put it. So basically I just have to
bonnie: You know, tell them the numbers of number of hours. I've had in personal psychotherapy and I've already done. I actually don't have an many more hours before I hit my max anyway because I did a lot of therapy.
bonnie: In 2015 16
bonnie: I had been in therapy, a long time before that. So I have been continuing therapy. So most of my hours will come from that period, but
bonnie: So basically, there's nothing to sign but you know I I totally understand. And I know you know i don't know what happens if I was ever audited if they would ask for, like,
bonnie: A confirmation of the number of sessions I have between X date and X date.
bonnie: Or just like some sort of verification that I was in therapy. I don't, I don't know if they even do that. I don't know. Confidentiality wise if they do that or what I, that would be
bonnie: Yeah, I wouldn't lie about it. So it's not a concern to me, but I can understand if you're if it's an agency you know if there's certain restrictions. I totally respect that.
bonnie: It would just be good to know.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I know.
Shawn Phalen: Let me just
Shawn Phalen: Like I said, let me just check. I mean, I never problems it, but I need to check with them just because I have to.
bonnie: Of course, totally. I totally understand. No, I totally understand.
Shawn Phalen: So why don't we do this, why don't we
bonnie: Like how how often really wanting to meet. I mean, I was hoping for an hour a week. But I realized, you know, I know you do. I don't know if you see someone before this spot if that would be possible or
bonnie: If not, it's okay to
Shawn Phalen: Are you doing groups.
bonnie: I'm not, I did look into it. I kind of talked to a bunch of I tried to ask about a bunch of groups that I found on Psychology Today, but
bonnie: They were none of them were taking it seemed like they didn't have enough people to actually make a group so they weren't running any like any of the groups that were out there, there weren't current or taking people so I wasn't able to find a group. I looked into that as well.
bonnie: Oh, you mean groups through bright heart or groups in general.
Shawn Phalen: Right hurt.
bonnie: No, I was interested in that as well because he originally I started with Rebecca Evans.
bonnie: But I didn't realize she wasn't an empty because like I told them specifically I wanted an MSP but I know they don't totally understand all this stuff. And I don't think
bonnie: So they said she's a therapist. So I assume she was an empty. And then I realized she wasn't so I that's why I wanted to switch and they mentioned you're an empty. So then I said, Okay.
bonnie: But what was I gonna say about that. Oh, so I had last talked to her about groups and she said she seemed to indicate because I was, she was trying to figure out what kind of group, I would
bonnie: You know she didn't think there were any groups just kind of like for anxiety, she was saying a lot of them were like substance abuse related. So she did couldn't think of a good fit, really, that was going on, but I was I'm open to that as well. I mean,
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: All right, what about, can you can you meet
March 9 at eight o'clock.
bonnie: Oh. Um, yeah, let me see. March when is where are we in March. Oh, OK. That's a Monday. Let me think. So it's eight o'clock.
bonnie: Wednesday. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Um, let's see, it's Wednesday for better. I can do, I have a seven o'clock on March 11
Mm hmm.
bonnie: Well, let's definitely say that. Do you happen to have a 630 before that. Okay.
bonnie: Because the only thing I actually see clients on Monday nights, but my last client dropped out wars is shifting out. Well, I don't know if they're gonna win. That's going to happen. So it's going to say, I could bring my computer. My office is obviously
bonnie: soundproof and all that good stuff. So I could bring my computer and do a session at eight o'clock, eight that is actually my last spot was eight o'clock, and I do have someone transitioning out of that spot.
bonnie: But I just don't know when that will be and I think I haven't confirmed on the ninth, but it might be possible.
Shawn Phalen: Can you do Wednesday at 630
bonnie: I can. Mm hmm. Let's do that.
bonnie: Yeah, that would be great. Do for two sessions or or just
bonnie: Yeah, like so, an hour.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, an hour. Yeah.
bonnie: That would be perfect, actually for me that that time spot is so perfect for me. You have no idea.
bonnie: Because I'm back from work. And that's a really good time for me.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, perfect. Okay. All right. So then, hopefully, I'll have an answer. I never from them just, you know, just run it by them and then we'll just plan on the 11th at eight o'clock.
bonnie: Okay. Oh, you mean 630
Shawn Phalen: Sorry.
bonnie: Oh, that's okay. I just want to make sure, no worries.
bonnie: That sounds totally great.
bonnie: No worries. And then, yeah, if you do find out something in between.
bonnie: That it's not going to work. Or, you know, if you could let me know. That'd be so awesome, or just have someone, let me know, because then I'll try to find something else. And that would be, but I would love to see you. That would be great. Okay, sounds great. Okay. Okay. All right.
Shawn Phalen: All right. Well, I'm glad we got to meet and
bonnie: Only two
Shawn Phalen: I'll see you on the 11
bonnie: Sounds good. Thank you so much. Okay, okay. You do my